---
layout: post
title: "zoox"
date: 2025-02-09 00:00:00 -0500
categories: ["My Journey So Far"]
---

# ZOOX

Moving to Zoox, a leader in autonomous driving technology, was the realization of a long-held dream. At Zoox, I am fully immersed in computer vision research, continuously applying and expanding upon the knowledge and skills I’ve gathered throughout my academic and professional journey. I’m part of the Perception team at Zoox. Our team acts as the eyes of the robot, focusing on processing data from sensors like cameras and LIDARs to create representations that the robot uses for planning and action in the real world. These representations are typically machine-learned to generalize across different domains. My specific role involves building representations for scene semantics and agent intents, requiring a solid foundation in ML and software engineering. This includes proficiency in languages like C++, Python, and CUDA, as well as a deep understanding of the latest in computer vision research. I have picked up these skills along my journey through self-teaching, my time in grad school, and my time at DEKA.

Another experience that remains vivid in my memory is when I joined Zoox. Feeling out of place among my incredibly talented colleagues, I encountered a typical instance of imposter syndrome. To combat this, I focused on persevering and working even harder, aiming for and achieving small wins. These victories gradually built up my confidence, eventually providing me with the assurance needed to overcome the imposter syndrome. This issue is super common when you switch roles, and it’s important to recognize it as part of the professional growth process, not as a sign of incompetence.
